README.MD, before:

# Ionut Zapototchi Personal Portfolio

Welcome, this project is proof of my skills as a developer. This is also a real project where all the projects I worked on will be posted in time, this serving as my portfolio. This project is also designed so that people who want to hire me can get a better idea of my skills and be able to contact me as easily as possible.

See this project on live enviroment on GitHub Pages here: https://lseparatio.github.io/personal-portofolio/

![Website on different screen sizes](readme-assets/screens.png)

## Features

 _Navigation:_

- Same navigation menu is used across all pages for consistency.

![NavBar Desktop](readme-assets/navbar-desktop.jpg)

- Navigation was designed to be easy to use and to understand.

![NavBar Mobile](readme-assets/navbar-mobile.jpg)

- Navigation was aswell designed to work wall on all devices.

 _Index Page - Hero Section_

 ![Hero Image](readme-assets/hero.jpg)

- Hero section have a nice background image with a overlay text, my name and site purpose.

_Index Page - Welcome Section_

![Welcome Section Screen](readme-assets/welcome.jpg)

- Welcome section have my image and a welcome and presentation text.
- The section is designed to welcome the potential employer and to give him a better idea about who i am.

###Work In Progress

Commit message:

Features for Index Page Finished

README.MD, after:

# Ionut Zapototchi Personal Portfolio

Welcome, this project is proof of my skills as a developer. This is also a real project where all the projects I worked on will be posted in time, this serving as my portfolio. This project is also designed so that people who want to hire me can get a better idea of my skills and be able to contact me as easily as possible.

See this project on live enviroment on GitHub Pages here: <https://lseparatio.github.io/personal-portofolio/>

![Website on different screen sizes](readme-assets/screens.png)

## Features

 _Navigation:_

- Same navigation menu is used across all pages for consistency.

![NavBar Desktop](readme-assets/navbar-desktop.jpg)

- Navigation was designed to be easy to use and to understand.

![NavBar Mobile](readme-assets/navbar-mobile.jpg)

- Navigation was aswell designed to work wall on all devices.

 _Index Page - Hero Section_

 ![Hero Image](readme-assets/hero.jpg)

- Hero section have a nice background image with a overlay text, my name and site purpose.

_Index Page - Welcome Section_

![Welcome Section Screen](readme-assets/welcome.jpg)

- Welcome section have my image and a welcome and presentation text.
- The section is designed to welcome the potential employer and to give him a better idea about who i am.

_Index Page - Skills Section_

![Skills Section](readme-assets/skills.jpg)

- Skills section was designed to show in a nice manner to an possible employer my set of skills.

_Index Page - Call to Action Section_

![Call to Action Section](readme-assets/call-to-action.jpg)

- Call to Action Section was designed to do not lose the reader attetion and to help him in a easy way to next page.
- This section contain a text and a button that is sending user to next page.
